How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

It helps because by viewing two versions can help to se changes made.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Yes, having easy access to the entire history helps a lot.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    We can delay our work by not saving of time. Giving discretion to save our
    programs by ourselves also helps.
    Pros are that it is up to us to decide when to save the progress such that
    it does not too much or less.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    git is made for coders while other like google doc are made for general
    purpose.
    It is helpful because it is possible that two separate files are
    inter related.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    diff -u between two files

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Yes, version control is life saver if any mistake is made.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want tor learn git.

    How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
     efficient programmer in the long term?

     Yes we can look what changes we have made and can improve our code further.

     How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
     git log shows commit history
     git diff show us difference between two commits

     How might using version control make you more confident to make changes
     that could break something?
     It makes more comfortable since I know at time Is can move back to previous
     code.

     Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git
      for?
      I want to use git to develop massive codes with confidence.
